Mr. Cheng
The receptionist said it was given to you by Miss Xu Zhiyi
Xu Zhiyi
Brother Xu, what the hell are you doing?
Xue Zhiye
How dare you not go home?
Han Chuan has a bad stomach
Warm up the milk for him before 8am
Hanchuan works late every day
Be sure to remind him to rest early
I need to take medicine twice a day for my illness
Xu Zhiyi, don't forget your condition
What game is Xu Zhiyi playing?
Xu Zhiyi also knows to come back
What about Xu Zhiyi?
What right do you have to ask?
Zhiyi has loved you for so many years
You didn't even take her on the last ride
What nonsense are you talking about?
You are by his side every day
Don't you know he's already late?
Thinking of you at the last moment for him
Chen Hanchuan, the damn person is you